Create log data set monitoring docs (#3960)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/serverless/logging/view-and-monitor-logs.mdx

* **Filter for value (<DocIcon type="plusInCircle" title="filter for value icon" />):** Show logs that contain the specific field value.
* **Filter out value (<DocIcon type="minusInCircle" title="filter out value icon" />):** Show logs that do _not_ contain the specific field value.
* **Filter for field present (<DocIcon type="filter" title="filter for present icon" />):** Show logs that contain the specific field.
* **Toggle column in table (<DocIcon type="listAdd" title="toggle column in table icon" />):** Add or remove a column for the field to the main Logs Explorer table.

> ## View log dataset details

Reviewer: Should this be changed to `log data set details`?

> From the main ((kib)) menu, go to **Stack Management** → **Logs datasets* to view more details about your datasets and monitor their overall quality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the main ((kib)) menu, go to **Stack Management** → **Data Set Quality* to view more details about your datasets and monitor their overall quality.
```

> Refer to <DocLink id="serverlessObservabilityMonitorDatasets">Monitor datasets</DocLink> for more on the monitoring your datasets.

Reviewer: `Monitor data sets`?
